Of course, we have to talk about social media now, using social media in your marketing is a lot more
involved than just shouting links all day.
It's important to understand the unique nuances of each platform and to create quality native content.
With that said, social media can be a great distribution channel as well.
Here are a couple of tips to keep in mind when you share your content on channels like Twitter and Facebook.
Any time you mention a person or company in a post, it's a good idea to tag them when you share it
on social media.
They'll get a notification and it's super easy for them to share it or retweeted right then and there.
On a similar note, you can use a service like Buffer to queue up a series of social media updates about
the same post without making it look like you're sharing the same post.
Not everyone will see your posts when you share it the first time, but you also don't want to post
the same headline over and over again.
Instead, try sharing bits and pieces of the post.
For example, if you did a round up of 15 experts answering the same question, that gives you 15 excuses
to tweet out the same post, tagging each of the experts and quoting their individual responses, you
can also turn your headline into a question or cite a statistic or share some other little nugget of
information from the post.
A teaser, basically.
Remember earlier we talked about repurposing content.
So if you had done a video interview, you could turn some of the best quotes into tweets, or if you
want to go a step further into graphics and share those on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, etc., of
course, making sure to tag the person wherever you post it.